AI/ML Intern
Arizona ; California; Colorado ; North Carolina ; San Francisco, California ; Utah
About Rocket Lawyer
 
We believe everyone deserves access to affordable and simple legal services. Founded in 2008, Rocket Lawyer is the largest and most widely used online legal service platform in the world. With offices in North America, South America, and Europe, Rocket Lawyer has helped over 30 million people create over 50 million legal documents, and get their legal questions answered.
 
We are in a unique position to enhance and expand the Rocket Lawyer platform to a scale never seen before in the company’s history, to capture audiences worldwide. We are expanding our team to take on this challenge!

About your role

Rocket Lawyer is looking for a motivated and passionate AI/ML Software Engineering Intern to join our team working on Rocket Copilot, our AI assistant launched in December 2023. In this internship, you will collaborate with our cross-functional teams to assist in building a cutting edge AI platform. You’ll have the opportunity to learn from experienced engineers while working on real-world AI/ML projects, helping design, implement, test, and maintain new AI features.

We value a collaborative and supportive work environment, where we celebrate learning and growth. This is a great opportunity for someone eager to expand their skills and contribute to innovative AI solutions.

Responsibilities

    Assist in prompting, evaluating, fine-tuning, and maintaining large language models (LLMs) for AI features
    Support the creation, monitoring, and troubleshooting of backend API services that interact with ML models
    Collaborate with cross-functional teams to integrate AI into existing and new Rocket Lawyer products
    Research and stay up-to-date with industry trends around generative AI and machine learning
    Prototype product features to explore new AI capabilities and write clean, understandable code

What you’ll need

    Currently pursuing a BS, MS, or PhD in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or a related field.
    Basic understanding of machine learning concepts and algorithms.
    Familiarity with generative AI technologies and models (Deep Learning, RAG, Neural Networks, Agents).
    Interest or experience working with large language models (LLMs) and generative AI.
    Strong programming skills in Python

A bonus if you have

    Experience with backend Python frameworks like FastAPI, Flask, Django, etc.
    Familiarity with vector databases.
    Additional programming skills in languages such as Java, Kotlin, or NodeJS.
    SQL knowledge.
    Interest in building user-facing products.
    Understanding of microservices architectures and distributed systems.

Interview Process

    Recruiter Phone Screen
    Hiring Manager Interview
    Team Interview

Rocket Lawyer is proudly committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse and inclusive workforce. As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we never discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, military or veteran status, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We particularly welcome applications from veterans and military spouses.
 
All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
You may request reasonable accommodations by sending an email to hr@rocketlawyer.com.
 
Location: Remote, but you must be located in CA, AZ, CO, NC, or UT during the internship.
Duration: June 8, 2026 - August 14, 2026, working 40 hours per week
 
Compensation per hour by location:

    San Francisco Bay Area, CA: $50.00
    California (outside of San Francisco Bay Area): $46.25
    Colorado: $42.50
    Utah, Arizona, and North Carolina: $40.00

 

Actual compensation packages are determined by various factors unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, depth of experience, certifications, specific work location, and performance during the interview process. In addition to base salary, this role may include variable compensation and be eligible for an equity grant, depending on the position and level.

Base salary range:

$40 - $50 USD
