SpDE Financial and Data Analyst Intern
Apply

locations
    20521 Seneca Meadows Pkwy, Germantown, MD

time type
    Full time

posted on
    Posted 8 Days Ago

job requisition id
    7518

Worker Type

Supplemental


Job Description

 

At AV we firmly believe that all internships are not created equal. Our Summer Internship Program is meticulously designed to provide students with an immersive and dynamic experience within our industry, offering a taste of what it's like to be part of our professional team. Unlike many other internship programs, we strive to simulate a full-time job, enabling our interns to work hands-on with cutting-edge technology, contribute to meaningful projects, build strong relationships with coworkers, and develop strategic problem-solving skills. Our program is highly selective, hosting only a handful of interns each year, ensuring personalized attention and ample opportunities to work closely with AV team members.

Responsibilities 

· Assist in the preparation of financial reports and analysis.

· Support the Executive Leadership Team with budgeting and forecasting activities.

· Help maintain financial records and ensure accuracy in data entry.

· Assist in month end variance reporting and automation.

· Participate in audits and compliance checks as needed.

· Collaborate with team members on special projects related to finance and accounting.

· Prepare material for executive team and board presentations.

Desired Skills 

We are looking to hire multiple interns to support a variety of projects, so strengths or experience in any of the following areas is desired:

· Prior experience in Power BI reporting is preferred.

· Familiarity with financial software analytics

· Experience collecting & analyzing data and reporting on the results

· Exposure to statistical modeling and/or forecasting


Clearance Level

 
No Clearance

The salary range for this role is:
$0 - $0

AeroVironment considers several factors when extending an offer, including but not limited to, the location, the role and associated responsibilities, a candidate’s work experience, education/training, and key skills.

ITAR Requirement:

This position requires access to information that is subject to compliance with the International Traffic Arms Regulations (“ITAR”) and/or the Export Administration Regulations (“EAR”). In order to comply with the requirements of the ITAR and/or the EAR, applicants must qualify as a U.S. person under the ITAR and the EAR, or a person to be approved for an export license by the governing agency whose technology comes under its jurisdiction. Please understand that any job offer that requires approval of an export license will be conditional on AeroVironment’s determination that it will be able to obtain an export license in a time frame consistent with AeroVironment’s business requirements. A “U.S. person” according to the ITAR definition is a U.S. citizen, U.S. lawful permanent resident (green card holder), or protected individual such as a refugee or asylee. See 22 CFR § 120.15. Some positions will require current U.S. Citizenship due to contract requirements. 

Benefits:  AV offers an excellent benefits package including medical, dental vision, 401K with company matching, a 9/80 work schedule and a paid holiday shutdown.  For more information about our company benefit offerings please visit:  http://www.avinc.com/myavbenefits.

We also encourage you to review our company website at http://www.avinc.com to learn more about us.

Principals only need apply.  NO agencies please.

About AV:

AV isn’t for everyone. We hire the curious, the relentless, the mission-obsessed. The best of the best.

We don’t just build defense technology—we redefine what’s possible. As the premier autonomous systems company in the U.S., AV delivers breakthrough capabilities across air, land, sea, space, and cyber. From AI-powered drones and loitering munitions to integrated autonomy and space resilience, our technologies shape the future of warfare and protect those who serve.

Founded by legendary innovator Dr. Paul MacCready, AV has spent over 50 years pushing the boundaries of what unmanned systems can do. Our heritage includes seven platforms in the Smithsonian—but we’re not building history, we’re building what’s next.

If you're ready to build technology that matters—with speed, scale, and purpose—there’s no better place to do it than AV.

 

We are proud to be an EEO/AA Equal Opportunity Employer, including disability/veterans. AeroVironment, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer and welcomes all qualified applicants. Qualified applicants will receive fair and impartial consideration without regard to race, sex, color, religion, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, genetic data, sexual orientation, gender identity or other legally protected status.

ITAR

U.S. Citizen, U.S. Permanent Resident (Green Card holder), asylee/refugee status as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3) or a person approved for an export license from the appropriate governing agency.
