Minimum qualifications:

    Currently enrolled in a Bachelor's or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Linguistics, Statistics, Biostatistics, Applied Mathematics, Operations Research, Economics, Natural Sciences, or related technical field.
    Experience in one area of computer science (e.g., Natural Language Understanding, Human Computer Interactions, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Algorithmic Foundations of Optimization, Quantum Information Science, Data Science, Software Engineering, or similar areas).


Preferred qualifications:

    Currently enrolled in a full-time degree program and returning to the program after completion of the internship.
    Currently attending a degree program in the United States.
    Experience as a researcher, including internships, full-time, or at a lab.
    Experience contributing research communities or efforts, including publishing papers in major conferences or journals.
    Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages (e.g., Python, Java, JavaScript, C/C++, etc.).

About the job

The Student Researcher Program fosters academic collaborations by hiring students onto research projects aligned to company priorities in scientific advancement. The program offers placements on teams across Google, for research, engineering, and science roles. As a Student Researcher, you will have the opportunity to participate in research projects focused on developing solutions for real-world, large-scale problems.

Student Researcher projects are exploratory and experiences that drive scientific advancement across a multitude of research areas. Students will work collaboratively on projects that explore innovative research challenges and support the creation of breakthrough technologies.

Projects vary in duration and location based on team and student requirements. It is required that you are located in one of the specific country locations identified for this role for the full duration of the engagement. When you apply, you will be considered for Student Researcher positions across all of Google's research teams including Google DeepMind, Google Research, Google Cloud and more. This allows us to find the right project match for your skills and interests.

Researchers across Google are working to advance the state of the art in computing and build the next generation of intelligent systems for all Google products. To achieve this, we invest in foundational research and work on projects that utilize the latest computer science techniques developed by skilled software developers and research scientists. Whether we're shaping the future of sustainability, optimizing algorithms, or pioneering AI systems, our teams strive to continuously progress science, advance society, and improve the lives of billions of people.
