Position Summary

This is an on-site position in Cincinnati, OH

The Software Engineer Intern will work with AI Scientists and Software Engineers, assisting with the development, testing, and utilization of our internal AI toolkits.    

You will be a part of the Thales team that is leading the world in certifiable AI. We have developed and are deploying a technology that offers AI models primarily for mission/safety-critical applications. We offer an engaging opportunity to learn about a variety of AI topics, while working on exciting use-cases primarily within the aerospace and defense domains.

While Thales is a large company, the Cincinnati office is a small, growing branch. You'll enjoy the benefits of a fast-paced startup style environment with the support of a leading multinational corporation. 

We are seeking a Software Engineer Intern with basic Python proficiency and an enthusiastic capability to learn new topics quickly. 

Essential Functions

Will support various tasks within the office including but not limited to:

Development of new code functionality

Participation in internal research and development of AI/ML methodologies

Supporting white paper writing as needed

The position will require training in Thales' unique "Genetic Fuzzy Tree" AI approaches. Additionally, the Cincinnati office develops GFT AI Solutions for specific use-cases of clients, both internal and external. The ability to work within a team on such tasks will be required. 

Minimum Requirements

Proficiency in Python

Familiarity with Object Oriented Programming

Experience with documentation and report writing

Minimum 3.0 GPA or equivalent in an accredited college or university

Preferred Qualifications

Due to the uniqueness of Thales’ approach, specific background in standard AI approaches is a plus, but absolutely not required; the ability to quickly pick up our internal processes will be necessary. 

Proficiency with C/C++

Experience utilizing GIT

Familiar with Fuzzy Logic

Experience with controls science and/or optimization


